[docs] Add documentation for Observe (#44816)
expo/expo: docs/pages/eas/observe/dashboard.mdx

---

> title: Observe dashboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: EAS Observe dashboard
```

Whichever, convention we follow, I think the page title and description below should match each other.

sidebar_title: Dashboard
description: View performance metrics, filter by platform or version, and investigate individual sessions in the EAS Observe dashboard.
---

> The Observe dashboard gives you a visual overview of your app's performance metrics. In the [EAS dashboard](https://expo.dev), open your project and select **Observe** from the navigation menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Observe dashboard provides a visual overview of your app's performance metrics. Open your project and in EAS dashboard, select [**Observe**](https://expo.dev/accounts/[account]/projects/[project]/observe) from the navigation menu.
```

> 

Reviewer: Maybe we can add a one screenshot here with mock data? It will help familiarize the reader with the below settings/metrics conventions.
